you
you a has was 20 years old when he became
a has was 20 years old when he became
a has was 20 years old when he became King and he reigned 16 years in
King and he reigned 16 years in
King and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem and he did not do what was
Jerusalem and he did not do what was
Jerusalem and he did not do what was right in the sight of the Lord as his
right in the sight of the Lord as his
right in the sight of the Lord as his father David had done for he walked in
father David had done for he walked in
father David had done for he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel and made
the ways of the kings of Israel and made
the ways of the kings of Israel and made molded images for the bales he burnt
molded images for the bales he burnt
molded images for the bales he burnt incense in the valley of the son of
incense in the valley of the son of
incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom and burned his children in the
Hinnom and burned his children in the
Hinnom and burned his children in the fire according to the abominations of
fire according to the abominations of
fire according to the abominations of the nations whom the Lord had cast out
the nations whom the Lord had cast out
the nations whom the Lord had cast out before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the high places on the hills and under every
high places on the hills and under every
high places on the hills and under every Green Tree therefore the Lord his God
Green Tree therefore the Lord his God
Green Tree therefore the Lord his God delivered him into the hand of the king
delivered him into the hand of the king
delivered him into the hand of the king of Scilly they defeated him and carried
of Scilly they defeated him and carried
of Scilly they defeated him and carried away a great multitude of them as
away a great multitude of them as
away a great multitude of them as captives and brought them to Damascus
captives and brought them to Damascus
captives and brought them to Damascus then he was also delivered into the hand
then he was also delivered into the hand
then he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel who defeated him
of the king of Israel who defeated him
of the king of Israel who defeated him with a great slaughter for pker the son
with a great slaughter for pker the son
with a great slaughter for pker the son of ram Alaia killed 120 thousand in
of ram Alaia killed 120 thousand in
of ram Alaia killed 120 thousand in Judah in one day all valiant men because
Judah in one day all valiant men because
Judah in one day all valiant men because they had forsaken the Lord God of their
they had forsaken the Lord God of their
they had forsaken the Lord God of their fathers zik ray a mighty man of ephraim
fathers zik ray a mighty man of ephraim
fathers zik ray a mighty man of ephraim killed may Aesir the king's son Ezra can
killed may Aesir the king's son Ezra can
killed may Aesir the king's son Ezra can the officer over the house and elkanah
the officer over the house and elkanah
the officer over the house and elkanah who was second to the king and the
who was second to the king and the
who was second to the king and the children of Israel carried away captive
children of Israel carried away captive
children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren 200-thousand women
of their brethren 200-thousand women
of their brethren 200-thousand women sons and daughters and they also took
sons and daughters and they also took
sons and daughters and they also took away much spoil from them and brought
away much spoil from them and brought
away much spoil from them and brought the spoil to Samaria but a prophet of
the spoil to Samaria but a prophet of
the spoil to Samaria but a prophet of the Lord was there whose name was Oded
the Lord was there whose name was Oded
the Lord was there whose name was Oded and he went out before the army that
and he went out before the army that
and he went out before the army that came to Samaria
came to Samaria
came to Samaria because the Lord God of your father's
because the Lord God of your father's
because the Lord God of your father's was angry with Judah he has delivered
was angry with Judah he has delivered
was angry with Judah he has delivered them into your hand but you have killed
them into your hand but you have killed
them into your hand but you have killed them in a rage that reaches up to heaven
them in a rage that reaches up to heaven
them in a rage that reaches up to heaven and now you propose to force the
and now you propose to force the
and now you propose to force the children of Judah and Jerusalem to be
children of Judah and Jerusalem to be
children of Judah and Jerusalem to be your male and female slaves but are you
your male and female slaves but are you
your male and female slaves but are you not also guilty before the Lord your God
not also guilty before the Lord your God
not also guilty before the Lord your God now hear me therefore and return the
now hear me therefore and return the
now hear me therefore and return the captives who you have taken captive from
captives who you have taken captive from
captives who you have taken captive from your brethren for the fierce wrath of
your brethren for the fierce wrath of
your brethren for the fierce wrath of the Lord is upon you then some of the
the Lord is upon you then some of the
the Lord is upon you then some of the heads of the children of Ephraim Azariah
heads of the children of Ephraim Azariah
heads of the children of Ephraim Azariah at the son of Joh Haman barek are the
at the son of Joh Haman barek are the
at the son of Joh Haman barek are the son of Michelin off G his kaya the son
son of Michelin off G his kaya the son
son of Michelin off G his kaya the son of Shalem and a Mesa the son of Hadley I
of Shalem and a Mesa the son of Hadley I
of Shalem and a Mesa the son of Hadley I stood up against those who came from the
stood up against those who came from the
stood up against those who came from the war and said to them you shall not bring
war and said to them you shall not bring
war and said to them you shall not bring the captives here for we already have
the captives here for we already have
the captives here for we already have offended the Lord you intend to add to
offended the Lord you intend to add to
offended the Lord you intend to add to our sins and to our guilt for our guilt
our sins and to our guilt for our guilt
our sins and to our guilt for our guilt is great and there is fierce wrath
is great and there is fierce wrath
is great and there is fierce wrath against Israel so the armed men left the
against Israel so the armed men left the
against Israel so the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the
captives and the spoil before the
captives and the spoil before the leaders and all the assembly then the
leaders and all the assembly then the
leaders and all the assembly then the men who were designated by name Rosa and
men who were designated by name Rosa and
men who were designated by name Rosa and took the captives and from the spoil
took the captives and from the spoil
took the captives and from the spoil they clothed all who were naked among
they clothed all who were naked among
they clothed all who were naked among them dressed them and gave them sandals
them dressed them and gave them sandals
them dressed them and gave them sandals gave them food and drink and anointed
gave them food and drink and anointed
gave them food and drink and anointed them and they let all the feeble ones
them and they let all the feeble ones
them and they let all the feeble ones ride on donkeys so they brought them to
ride on donkeys so they brought them to
ride on donkeys so they brought them to their brethren at Jericho the city of
their brethren at Jericho the city of
their brethren at Jericho the city of palm trees
palm trees
palm trees then they return to Samaria at the same
then they return to Samaria at the same
then they return to Samaria at the same time King Ahaz sent to the kings of
time King Ahaz sent to the kings of
time King Ahaz sent to the kings of Assyria to help him for again the
Assyria to help him for again the
Assyria to help him for again the had come attacked Judah and
had come attacked Judah and
had come attacked Judah and carried away captives the Philistines
carried away captives the Philistines
carried away captives the Philistines also had invaded the cities of the
also had invaded the cities of the
also had invaded the cities of the lowland and of the south of Judah and
lowland and of the south of Judah and
lowland and of the south of Judah and had taken beth shemesh adilyn Yadira
had taken beth shemesh adilyn Yadira
had taken beth shemesh adilyn Yadira soko with its villages Timna with its
soko with its villages Timna with its
soko with its villages Timna with its villages and ginzu with its villages and
villages and ginzu with its villages and
villages and ginzu with its villages and they dwelt there for the Lord brought
they dwelt there for the Lord brought
they dwelt there for the Lord brought Judah Loew
Judah Loew
Judah Loew because of a has king of Israel for he
because of a has king of Israel for he
because of a has king of Israel for he had encouraged moral decline in Judah
had encouraged moral decline in Judah
had encouraged moral decline in Judah and had been continually unfaithful to
and had been continually unfaithful to
and had been continually unfaithful to the Lord also TIG laughs Belleza king of
the Lord also TIG laughs Belleza king of
the Lord also TIG laughs Belleza king of Assyria came to him and distressed him
Assyria came to him and distressed him
Assyria came to him and distressed him and did not assist him for a has took
and did not assist him for a has took
and did not assist him for a has took part of the treasures from the house of
part of the treasures from the house of
part of the treasures from the house of the Lord from the house of the king and
the Lord from the house of the king and
the Lord from the house of the king and from the leaders and he gave it to the
from the leaders and he gave it to the
from the leaders and he gave it to the king of Assyria
king of Assyria
king of Assyria but he did not help him
now in the time of his distress King
now in the time of his distress King Ahaz became increasingly unfaithful to
Ahaz became increasingly unfaithful to
Ahaz became increasingly unfaithful to the Lord this is that King Ahaz for he
the Lord this is that King Ahaz for he
the Lord this is that King Ahaz for he sacrificed to the gods of Damascus which
sacrificed to the gods of Damascus which
sacrificed to the gods of Damascus which had defeated him because the gods are
had defeated him because the gods are
had defeated him because the gods are the kings of Syria helped them I will
the kings of Syria helped them I will
the kings of Syria helped them I will sacrifice to them that they may help me
sacrifice to them that they may help me
sacrifice to them that they may help me but they were the ruin of him and of all
but they were the ruin of him and of all
but they were the ruin of him and of all Israel so a has gathered the articles of
Israel so a has gathered the articles of
Israel so a has gathered the articles of the house of God cut in pieces the
the house of God cut in pieces the
the house of God cut in pieces the articles of the house of God shut up the
articles of the house of God shut up the
articles of the house of God shut up the doors of the house of the Lord and made
doors of the house of the Lord and made
doors of the house of the Lord and made for himself altars in every corner of
for himself altars in every corner of
for himself altars in every corner of Jerusalem and in every single city of
Jerusalem and in every single city of
Jerusalem and in every single city of Judah he made high places to burn
Judah he made high places to burn
Judah he made high places to burn incense to other gods and provoked to
incense to other gods and provoked to
incense to other gods and provoked to anger the lord god of his father's now
anger the lord god of his father's now
anger the lord god of his father's now the rest of his acts and all his ways
the rest of his acts and all his ways
the rest of his acts and all his ways from first to last indeed they are
from first to last indeed they are
from first to last indeed they are written in the book of the kings of
written in the book of the kings of
written in the book of the kings of judah and israel so a has rested with
judah and israel so a has rested with
judah and israel so a has rested with his father's and they buried him in the
his father's and they buried him in the
his father's and they buried him in the city in jerusalem but they did not bring
city in jerusalem but they did not bring
city in jerusalem but they did not bring him into the tombs of the kings of
him into the tombs of the kings of
him into the tombs of the kings of israel
israel
israel then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his place